---
layout: post
title: Roe V. Wade Overturned 
topic: politics
---

Today the Supreme Court overturned Roe V. Wade. Seeing as how I likely wont be living in a red state in the future this decision wont necessarily impact me a ton, however, the impact this has on the civil liberties of women across the country is tremendous. That we, the United States, in the 21st century are still incapable of making progress on fundamental freedoms and liberties is deeply concerning. Religion is partly to blame for this. It is by its very nature conservative. Very little ground can be made in attempting to combat appeals made on religious grounds; as an unfalsifiable belief, it cannot be attacked on objective scientific grounds or be disproved. It stands on faith alone and is therefore impervious to reason and critical thought. Instead it is remains substantiated through confirmation bias and by binding itself to our personal identities such that any attack on religion, in the eyes of its believers, dissolves into an attack on the individual and their world view. 

If religion guides our policy and decision making, we will forever be subject to the capricious nature of religion. It is an ever changing belief system and one that cannot be consistently relied upon to guide us in making effective and just decisions in society. It lacks objectivism and is not only inconsistent but outdated in our modern age. I despise religion and unfortunately cannot but help to feel pity and sorrow for the believers of religion for they have been indoctrinated to hold beliefs without reflecting on the logical basis of said beliefs. To me, believers of religion comm egregious assumptions about the nature of reality and make far reaching claims that is not only unsubstantiated by science but defies even logic. Believers either seemingly deny the origin of religion as purely man made or brush it aside as irrelevant. Willful ignorance, blind faith. Most people I would imagine do not operate according to blind faith in any aspect of their lives. 

If I were to claim that god spoke to me and commanded me to kill an innocent bystander, what basis would religious people have for denying that? They claim to know gods will to the extent that they can no longer justify his actions on the basis of their own innate morality: "god's plans are so much greater than anything I am capable of understanding". On the basis of this, they would have no option but to believe me. How could they possible disprove my claim. If they say to me "the burden lies on me to prove that god spoke to me" I would counter by making that same argument in order to refute their claims that god even exist. Of course they do not see the fallacy in their reasoning. I'm getting bored writing about this. Suffice it to say that religion should have no place in our government or have no sway in our decision making. The Supreme Court's decision today makes me want to leave this country since I know the worst has yet to come. 